com/example/tripa/databinding/NavHeaderMainBinding.java
 com.example.tripa.databinding.NavHeaderMainBinding
com/example/tripa/databinding/ActivityLogoutBinding.java
 com.example.tripa.databinding.ActivityLogoutBinding
com/example/tripa/DetailsActivity.java
 com.example.tripa.DetailsActivity
 com.example.tripa.DetailsActivity$1
 com.example.tripa.DetailsActivity$2
 com.example.tripa.DetailsActivity$3
 com.example.tripa.DetailsActivity$3$1
 com.example.tripa.DetailsActivity$3$1$1
 com.example.tripa.DetailsActivity$3$2
 com.example.tripa.DetailsActivity$4
com/example/tripa/databinding/FragmentSecondBinding.java
 com.example.tripa.databinding.FragmentSecondBinding
com/example/tripa/RegisterActivity.java
 com.example.tripa.RegisterActivity
 com.example.tripa.RegisterActivity$1
 com.example.tripa.RegisterActivity$2
 com.example.tripa.RegisterActivity$3
 com.example.tripa.RegisterActivity$4
com/example/tripa/ThirdFragment.java
 com.example.tripa.ThirdFragment
 com.example.tripa.ThirdFragment$1
com/example/tripa/APIPOJO.java
 com.example.tripa.APIPOJO
com/example/tripa/databinding/ContentMainBinding.java
 com.example.tripa.databinding.ContentMainBinding
com/example/tripa/ui/slideshow/SlideshowFragment.java
 com.example.tripa.ui.slideshow.SlideshowFragment
 com.example.tripa.ui.slideshow.SlideshowFragment$1
com/example/tripa/databinding/FragmentSlideshowBinding.java
 com.example.tripa.databinding.FragmentSlideshowBinding
com/example/tripa/databinding/AppBarMainBinding.java
 com.example.tripa.databinding.AppBarMainBinding
com/example/tripa/TripReminder.java
 com.example.tripa.TripReminder
com/example/tripa/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.example.tripa.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/example/tripa/MyAdapter.java
 com.example.tripa.MyAdapter
 com.example.tripa.MyAdapter$1
 com.example.tripa.MyAdapter$2
 com.example.tripa.MyAdapter$MyViewHolder
com/example/tripa/databinding/LyListItemBinding.java
 com.example.tripa.databinding.LyListItemBinding
com/example/tripa/ui/slideshow/SlideshowViewModel.java
 com.example.tripa.ui.slideshow.SlideshowViewModel
com/example/tripa/ui/gallery/GalleryViewModel.java
 com.example.tripa.ui.gallery.GalleryViewModel
com/example/tripa/ui/home/HomeViewModel.java
 com.example.tripa.ui.home.HomeViewModel
com/example/tripa/LoginActivity.java
 com.example.tripa.LoginActivity
 com.example.tripa.LoginActivity$1
 com.example.tripa.LoginActivity$1$1
com/example/tripa/Listlass.java
 com.example.tripa.Listlass
com/example/tripa/databinding/ActivityRegisterBinding.java
 com.example.tripa.databinding.ActivityRegisterBinding
com/example/tripa/databinding/FragmentFirstBinding.java
 com.example.tripa.databinding.FragmentFirstBinding
com/example/tripa/FirstFragment.java
 com.example.tripa.FirstFragment
 com.example.tripa.FirstFragment$1
com/example/tripa/databinding/ActivityLoginBinding.java
 com.example.tripa.databinding.ActivityLoginBinding
com/example/tripa/databinding/ActivityDetailsBinding.java
 com.example.tripa.databinding.ActivityDetailsBinding
com/example/tripa/Users.java
 com.example.tripa.Users
com/example/tripa/databinding/FragmentLogout2Binding.java
 com.example.tripa.databinding.FragmentLogout2Binding
com/example/tripa/databinding/UpcomingItemBinding.java
 com.example.tripa.databinding.UpcomingItemBinding
com/example/tripa/HomeActivity.java
 com.example.tripa.HomeActivity
 com.example.tripa.HomeActivity$1
 com.example.tripa.HomeActivity$2
com/example/tripa/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.tripa.BuildConfig
com/example/tripa/TripReminderBroadcast.java
 com.example.tripa.TripReminderBroadcast
com/example/tripa/AlarmReceiver.java
 com.example.tripa.AlarmReceiver
com/example/tripa/LogoutActivity.java
 com.example.tripa.LogoutActivity
 com.example.tripa.LogoutActivity$1
 com.example.tripa.LogoutActivity$2
com/example/tripa/TripAdaptor.java
 com.example.tripa.TripAdaptor
 com.example.tripa.TripAdaptor$1
 com.example.tripa.TripAdaptor$ViewHolder
com/example/tripa/NotificationService.java
 com.example.tripa.NotificationService
com/example/tripa/MainActivity.java
 com.example.tripa.MainActivity
 com.example.tripa.MainActivity$1
 com.example.tripa.MainActivity$2
 com.example.tripa.MainActivity$3
com/example/tripa/databinding/FragmentHomeBinding.java
 com.example.tripa.databinding.FragmentHomeBinding
com/example/tripa/databinding/FragmentGalleryBinding.java
 com.example.tripa.databinding.FragmentGalleryBinding
com/example/tripa/databinding/ActivityHomeBinding.java
 com.example.tripa.databinding.ActivityHomeBinding
com/example/tripa/ui/gallery/GalleryFragment.java
 com.example.tripa.ui.gallery.GalleryFragment
 com.example.tripa.ui.gallery.GalleryFragment$1
com/example/tripa/ui/home/HomeFragment.java
 com.example.tripa.ui.home.HomeFragment
 com.example.tripa.ui.home.HomeFragment$1
com/example/tripa/SecondFragment.java
 com.example.tripa.SecondFragment
 com.example.tripa.SecondFragment$1
 com.example.tripa.SecondFragment$2
 com.example.tripa.SecondFragment$3
 com.example.tripa.SecondFragment$4
 com.example.tripa.SecondFragment$4$1
 com.example.tripa.SecondFragment$4$1$1
 com.example.tripa.SecondFragment$5
 com.example.tripa.SecondFragment$6
 com.example.tripa.SecondFragment$6$1
com/example/tripa/LogoutFragment.java
 com.example.tripa.LogoutFragment
 com.example.tripa.LogoutFragment$1
 com.example.tripa.LogoutFragment$2
com/example/tripa/Model.java
 com.example.tripa.Model
com/example/tripa/databinding/FragmentThirdBinding.java
 com.example.tripa.databinding.FragmentThirdBinding
